USB client drivers are specified in files in the \XOS\USB directory. File
names have the format:

   CLScc.USB

or
   VENvvvv.USB

Upper case letters are literal. Lower case letters represent values as
follows:

   cc   - Class (2 hex digits)
   vvvv - Vender ID (4 hex digits)

When adding a USB device a VEN file is looked for first. If one is found and
it specifies the device being added it is used to specify how the device is
added. If not a CLS file is looked for. If a matching CLS file with matching
sub-class and protocol is found it is used. Otherwise the device is not added.



The client driver is initialized with the ADDUNIT function for the specified
device class. The following characteristics are always specified:

TYPE     - The device type as specified in the file.
UNIT     - The device unit number (allocated by USBCTL)
USBUNIT  - The unit number for the USB controller device
USBPORT  - The port specification for the device. This is a 32-bit value where
           each 4-bit nibble (from low to high order) specifies a port from 1
           to 15. 0 means no port at that level. Bits 0-3 (which specify the
           port on the root hub) must be nonzero. Each succesive nonzero nibble
           specifies the port on the next hub. Note that this value is only
           used to determine when the client should be notified of a status
           change (device removed). It does not affect data transfers in any
           way.
USBADDR  - The USB bus address assigned to the device
USBSPEED - The USB bus speed of the DEVICE
USBEP0MX - The maximum packet size for EP0

The following characteristics are specified as needed:

USBMFCTR - Manufacturer string
USBMODEL - Model string
USBSERNO - Serial number string
USBIIN   - Interrupt input endpoint
USBBIN   - Bulk transfer input endpoint
USBSIN   - Isochronous input endpoint
USBIOUT  - Interrupt output endpoint
USBBOUT  - Bulk transvfer output endpoint
USBSOUT  - Isochronous output endpoint
USBCTRL  - Control endpoint
USBPKTMX - The maximum packet size for the previous end-point specified

The USBPKTMX characteristic is initially specified to specify the maximum
packet size for endpoint 0. It is also specified after each of the endpoint
characteristics and specifies the maximum packet size for the most recently
specified endpoint. All of these optional characteristics will be specified
multiple times if there are multiple end-points of the same type. If more
endponts are specified that expected by the driver, the excess endpoints
should usually be quietly ignored althoug in some cases it may be desirable
to indicate an error when this happens.
