Following defines the format of a USB vendor definition file. Each file
is an ASCII text file. Each line begins with a 2 or 3 character keyword
which is followed by a colon. Lines beginning with # are comment lines and
are otherwise ignored. There should be no blank lines and no whitespace,
except in comment lines.

The file is divided into one or more definition blocks. Each block begins
with a DEV line and continues to the end of the file or until another DEV
line is encountered.

Each line type is described below.

Keyword: DEV (required)

This line begins a definition block and specifies the device types described
by the block. It consists of a comma seperated list of device types or device
type ranges. A device type consists of 4 hex digits. A device type rage
consists of two device types seperated by a minus sign. For example
    DEV:0100,0200-0203
would specify that device types, 0100, 0200, 0201, 0202 and 0203 are
describied by the definition block.

Keyword: FNC (required)

Specifes the function to invoke to set up the device. Currently the only
valid value is 'generic'.

Keyword: DRV (required)

Specifies the drivers to load for the device. It consists of a comma seperated
list of driver names without an extension.

Keyword: CLS (required)

Specifies the device class used when adding the device.

Keyword: DTP (optional)

Specifies the device type used when adding the device. If it is not present,
no device type is specified.

Keyword: BI (optional)

Specifies the minimum and maximum number of bulk transfer input endpoints
allowed. Two decimal values are specified seperated by a comma. The first
specifies the minimum number of bulk transfer input endpoints required. The
device will not be added if at least this many are not availble. The second
specifies the maximum number of bulk transfer input endpoints that will be
used. If more than this are available, they are ignored. If not present a
value of 0,16 is used.

Keyword: BO (optional)

Same as BI except specifies bulk transfer output endpoints.

Keyword: II (optional)

Same as BI except specifies interrupt input endpoints.

Keyword: IO (optional)

Same as BI except specifies interrupt output endpoints.

Keyword: UNB (optional)

Specifies the unit number to be used for the first device in this class. If
not present, a value of 0 is used.

Keyword: UNI (optional)

Specifies the value by which the unit number is incremented for each device
added. If not present, a value of 1 is used.
